                                                    VCS - GitHub Workshop                                                    


ACE- The Computer Society of VSIT conducted a workshop on Distributed Version Control System on 7th October 2016 .

The purpose of the workshop was to introduce everyone to VCS and teach them how VCS allows to pull, make changes and push them to a repository and how others can pull those changes from the repository and continue to work with the improvements that you added to the project files. It is not only fast and better approch for a larger project but also makes the  work flow easier.


Time - 12:30
    1. Registrations Started. 
    2. Tanseer, Sawal & Sanil on registration desk.

Time - 1:45
    1. Registrations closed

Time - 2:30. Pre-Workshop things
    1. Workshop started.
    2. Filler videos before Workshop while we waited for all participants to arrive. 

Time - 2:45. During Workshop
    1. Ashish  
        A little game / challenge
        Intro to VCS. 
    2. Tanseer
        Explanation of GitHub Architecture
        Explanation of process of adding data on GitHub
        Repository Explanation
        Explanation of git commands 
    3. Ashish 
        Explanation of how GitHub works internally
    4. Rajeev (Demo) Ashish (Explanation)
        Demo on use of GitHub
            Signing into GitHub                 
            Forking / Copying Repository from GitHub                
            Making a local folder / working Repository

            Initializing a new GitHub Repository
            Explanation of how cloning of code can be done
            Issues feature in GitHub Explanation and demo
            Checking of Issues and working on them using a simple example
                Demo on finding issue and checking it. 
            Fixing that bug and using "git add" command and "git commit"            
Time - 3:00
    1. Interactive session by Nimit

Time - 3:15
    1. Ashish (Explanation) & Rajeev(Demo)
        Telling people that bug has been fixed. 
        Creation of pull request        
        And then merging all the changes. 
        Explanation of how merging works and all.

        GitHub keeps tracks of contributors in the project.

Time - 3:25. Giving Attendees a chance to interact 
    1. Jasmeet Singh, BCA EA talked about his project "VEMS" in Java
    2. Gaurav Gogia, BCA EA. Project is a full blown chatting application in C# and other related tech. 
    3. Tanseer, Shreyansh and Sanil talked about their project. AI related application that will replace GPS
    4. Ashish, Gaurav Gogia talked about their AI driven project related on Healthcare which will track future problems befoe hand. 
    5. Srijit talked about his project. 
    6. Shreyansh talked about how OS works. Wanted to work on building of the best OS.
    7. Shibam BCA EB II. An application that will fix color blindness. 
    8. Prince BCA EA I is thinking about a startup that will fix problems / help with world problems by bringing people together.

Time - 3:35 End of Workshop by giving final touch      
    1. GitHub student developer pack. 
    2. Taking suggestions from participants.
    3. Purpose and final words by Ms. Indu Sahu     

Disciplinary Crew: Devansh, Rohan, Nimit. 

Coordination Crew: Khushi, Aditya Dhawan

Photography: Vaibhav, Praveen
    
